*: fix typos reported by Hunspell (#5848)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/siege.md

> HTTP loadtesting and benchmarking tool.
> More information: <https://www.joedog.org/siege-manual/>.

- Test a URL with default settings:

`siege {{https://example.com}}`

- Test a list of URLs:

`siege --file {{path/to/url_list.txt}}`

- Test list of URLs in a random order (Simulates internet traffic):

`siege --internet --file {{path/to/url_list.txt}}`

> - Benchmark a list of URLs (Don't wait between requests):

Reviewer: I like `Doesn't` best here.

> - Benchmark a list of URLs (Don't wait between requests):

Author: I'm in favor of the latter, `without waiting`.

> - Benchmark a list of URLs (Don't wait between requests):

Author: ```suggestion
- Benchmark a list of URLs (without waiting between requests):
```
